(upbeat digital music)
- [Instructor] Having worked with several ItemWriters
and the constructs they follow,
this challenge will require you to write a JSON file
using a JsonFileItemWriter.
Within our project, we're currently reading information
regarding shipped orders
from the databases SHIPPED_ORDER table.
Using the appropriate ItemWriter, create a job
that writes the data to a JSON file on the file system.
Here's a few hints to get you started.
First, make sure you take a look
at Spring Batch's documentation.
It should include all of the information required
to complete the challenge.
Second, you should look to utilize the builder
for the JsonFileItemWriter.
It will simplify the job configuration.
This challenge should take you about 15 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you
how I solve the challenge, good luck.